ENH: add GeoDataFrame.active_geometry_name (#2943)
geopandas/geopandas: CHANGELOG.md

New features and improvements:

- Added ``exclusive`` parameter to ``sjoin_nearest`` method for Shapely >= 2.0 (#2877)

> - Added ``GeoDataFrame.active_geometry_name`` property returning an active geometry column's name or None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ``GeoDataFrame.active_geometry_name`` property returning the active geometry column's name or None if no active geometry column is set.
```
